add disclaimer about compaction stability (#1868)
kadena-community/kadena.js: packages/apps/docs/src/docs/chainweb/compact-a-database.md

   ```

3. Create a backup copy of your current pact `sqlite` database to save all current state by running a command similar to the following:

   ```bash
   cp -r /data/state/chainweb/db/0/sqlite /tmp/sqlite-backup-dd-mm-yyyy
   ```

   Creating a backup copy of the database requires you to have more disk space available to store both the active database and the backup until you complete the compaction.
   However, creating a backup ensures that the node continues to run uninterrupted while the database is being compacted.
   The backup also ensures tht you can restore the database if something goes wrong with the compacted database.

4. Compact your backup `sqlite` database by running the `cwtool compact` command with the following arguments:

>    - `--target-blockheight` to keep enough state available to continue validating blocks after the database has been compacted. An appropriate value depends on the network your node is connected to. For example, if you are compacting your local development netowrk for testing purposes, you would set a lower block height than a node connected to the Kadena testnet or mainnet. For a node connected to mainnet, it's recommended to use a value of about 4.6 million ("4600000"). In the near future, this option will be removed, and this value will be computed automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `--target-blockheight` to keep enough state available to continue validating blocks after the database has been compacted. An appropriate value depends on the network your node is connected to. For example, if you are compacting your local development network for testing purposes, you would set a lower block height than a node connected to the Kadena test network (`testnet`) or main network (`mainnet`). For a node connected to `mainnet`, it's recommended to use a value of about 4.6 million ("4600000"). In the near future, this option will be removed, and this value will be computed automatically.
```
